hey guys what is up is Sara DG I am here
in San Diego with my new camera my new
vlogging camera the Sony rx100 Mark v I
got my hands on this thanks to the
lovely bnh I have the privilege to share
an island with them in Manhattan and so
it's so good to have my hands on this
camera my Sony rx100 Mark 3 broke and so
that if you go back on my channel watch
all my vlogs that is my main shooter and
I love the Sony rx100 line for vlogging
and so I'm stoked to have my hands on
the 5 so today I'm going to do some
video tests I am going to share my
thoughts on it the big main two
differences for me is going to be able
to shoot 4k and then I hear the
autofocus is better with rx100 mark 3 I
had some issues with the autofocus
especially in low-light situations
so I'm going to test that out and right
now I am filming in the standard profile
that's one of the things that I love
about these rx100 cameras is you can
change the creative profiles so you have
like standard neutral and other ones and
so I'll show you the difference in that
I usually shoot in neutral so I can go
back and color grade so the rest of this
footage will be with the neutral preset
[Music]
I'm here with the Adobe Creative
resident squad look at the views that we
have from our brunch table here
everyone wave I mean this is pretty nice
or I'm in desperate need for coffee
right now I'm trying to decide in
between like a french toast or eggs some
tough decisions here
ain't nothing fix buttons fix my
[Music]
feelings on dude our feelings up
supposedly this camera is great with
autofocus auto is it auto focusing is it
focusing
yeah the RX manager mark 3 I had some
auto focus issues I'm curious to see
what it's like in low-light focus 70 on
their series versus focus is it focusing
does it focus on the coffee foam is it
focusing does it focus on that yeah
let's see if it let's zoom into these
lovely people I'm very curious as to the
photo burst apparently it shoots 24
frames per second for a consecutive a
hundred and forty frames which is just
insane so technically I guess you could
shoot like an 8k movie 6 frames or 6
seconds at a time so we're gonna get
Craig to do something cool on the
skateboard and we're gonna photo burst
it I don't think there is raw support
for this yet so I'm shooting everything
raw plus JPEG and then the photo burst
and we all know that
just some your part came in little
cardboard got them not well get up we
wanna see you back at feelings on
neutral baby you make me no no future
Baba and I'm afraid of my Vera
[Music]
some love sweets true
alcohol just got done shamelessly I was
super impressed with what I saw on the
camera so I'm curious to see what it
looks like on the screen but basically
how it works you do super slow-mo so I
shot in 120 frames per second you can
also do 240 frames per second 480 frames
per second and 960 frames per second
which is saying when you get into those
higher frame rates you put it into you
just change it in the HFR settings the
high frame rate settings and you press
the middle button for standby and when
you're ready to record you hit the
record button and you can shoot I think
about like 6 second bursts and you have
to wait about 30 seconds to a minute for
it to just like write to the card so you
shoot it and then you just like look at
the screen while it says like buffering
recording but it looked at it looks
promising so last thing other than low
light that I want to test this 4k I've
never really shot or edited anything in
4k and so it's kind of cool that you can
have a point and shoot to do that you
can shoot in 4k on the mark 4 but let's
just see how it looks on the mark 5 so
let's change to 4k now so now we are
shooting in 4k 24 frames per second so
I'm shooting in 4k on my camera but it's
going to be scaled down to 1080 for the
video that you're watching right now and
yeah let's go see how it looks she may
be all know that we just some your part
little cardboard well get a car never
you fall I am in San Diego for the Adobe
MAX conference I am a Adobe Creative
resident so I gets you a lot of cool
stuff with Adobe and I'm giving two
talks which one kind of nervous about
but I'm noticing I think 4k lacks image
stabilization so while I'm walking here
is it shaker then when it would be in
today we are back in 1080 at 24 frames
per second it's kind of I would say it's
low light right now the window is behind
the camera but it's diffused with a
shade so it looks like it's doing pretty
good it's illuminating my face how's the
autofocus is it auto focusing on my face
here's a clip of me talking to the
camera when it's super super dark so
it's pretty it's very very dark in here
Wow Wow I mean there's like a little bit
of light coming into the room but okay
let me put it to where there's
absolutely like no no like what's the
better okay no light whatsoever in this
room and so now it's just a dark room
like absolutely no light coming from
here and it's just pitch dark as it
grainy how does it how does it look it's
literally it could not be any darker in
this room so I wonder how this looks on
camera it seems to be focusing um so a
comparable model to the Sony rx100 mark
5 would be the new canon g7x mark ii the
price tag is cheaper the Sony rx100 mark
5 is pretty pricey at $1000 but as you
go down to the Mart for to the mark 3 it
docks the price about $100 when it comes
are pointing shoots I've always been a
fan of the Sony rx100 line I used to
have a Canon s110 which was like the
perfect starter vlogging camera but it
doesn't have the flip out screen and
it's just an older model the thing with
the Canon
shoots a lot of people mistake the
overly sharp image for a better image
but it's not very pretty it shows all of
your lines and just like grow sness of
your face if that makes any sense I
don't does that make sense basically
when you're sharing yourself with the
g7x you are going to see every wrinkle
you're going to see every imperfection
and the sonne just has I don't know a
smoother prettier image I think I do
color grade most of my stuff so here is
20 seconds of non color graded footage
straight out from this camera
as a person who loves slo-mo I think I
am most excited about the slow-mo
options in this camera I'm going to have
a lot of fun a lot of fun with it and
then who knows maybe I will start using
4k and some circumstances I don't think
I'll go fully 4k on vlogs yet but it's
good to know that my vlogging camera is
kind of future-proofed the mesh
stabilization in this camera is pretty
darn good the rx100 mark 3 had great
image stabilization while filming in
video mode but yeah this is my new
vlogging camera you know I post three
times a week here to this YouTube
channel Monday Wednesday and Friday
and so you're gonna see a lot of this
camera the majority of stuff will be
shot with a point-and-shoot
I do have an a7 s and a7 are - they're
used for fancier stuff like my
docu-series things like creative spaces
TV but most of stuff will be shot with
this so it'll be exciting to see how
that looks
make sure let me know if you enjoyed
this do you like the image that I'm
getting out of this new point-and-shoot
is it worth $1000 because that is a
hefty hefty price tag but I love the
pocket size of it I have an a7 s like I
said before but for vlogging the smaller
the camera the more I'm going to take it
places the more I'm going to shoot with
it all of my camera gear and details are
down below um no one is paying me to
make this video Sony BH umm so yeah my
opinions are just my opinions smash that
like button if you dig this video and if
you have not yet hit that subscribe
button
I've vlog I make travel stuff I make
tech stuff I make doc you sure ease
focus on the creative process so yeah
thanks for hanging out with me until the
next video guys stay peachy ok bye the
moment I put it on my Apple watch it got
stuck it like I took it to the Apple
store no one could get the band off of
the watch I just freaked out like
freaked out I like broke my Apple watch
6 days after I got it